Challange of the Living Failure

When the first trial happen, everyone disappeared like Nyx before like this magic is mostly to not interfere one with other but something on Azrael feel strange he think that this magic used against him is something far beyond the point

" Dam I kinda miss the softness of the boobs "
I guess I was wrong .

Monster sound started sulking out of nowhere like he could hear scream from everyone outside this magic , he felt like something is strange.

"Who are you" Azrael told with confidence

No response from anything , he saw a branch on the ground a strange branch of tree he broke it while walking on it .
[Alert, Alert]
[ power is inconsistent, power is inconsistent]

He was alarmed and than he saw a big monster appearing

[Defeath: boss The king of all living failure]

He saw spawning a big giant half deconform drake , the place started begin cover in flames reviling all the place it was beautiful to see a place never seen before , like he was stuck in space .

The living failure boss strongly didn't started attack him , he was aware that he felt no treat against him , like he knows that he has no power. Out of nowhere the white hair lady.
Come out of nowhere, the living failure responds to the lady.
"Welcome , my lady Yumi . Or should I say imposter"
The drake started attacking the strange person that resembles the white lady Azrael kindly touched his boobs.
But something strange she had no face , her face was clear white . They started spawning more and more of this Monster .

[Defeath: the boss of all living failure or..]
The system that showed him the , mission was corrupted. The sentence was not finish, like a bug .

"King , sorry . I accept your challenge"

He started spotting no sense the terrain started to change, they telephones somewhere else .. somewhere peaceful.

"Foolish young human , did you realize what have you done!"

[ Azrael challenge the boss king of all living failure]

[Timer : 10 minutes ]

[ if both attend decide no to attack each other there will be a penalty]

"I am aware I could get myself killed , but it better than seeing a mimic monster and duplicate himself just by killing him." Azrael said.
" The only way out is if you posses the power of the veil of the echoes , sadly is that I only possess one single part . Of it , is my Eye " the drake told

Azrael looked around for a solution and started calling the boss , with a strange Name "Baxca" he smiled while Choosing that name.

"I hope you like the name i gived you, because you are not a failure, you're awesome and you need a better name " azrael told while not holding back his smile also while looking around for an exit.

Baxca looked aback confused to see someone pure as him with no ill intention..
Looking more at him he found himself smiling. He decided not to show it But.

"Human may I ask you, what's your name?"

Azrael looked at him . With a big smile

"You can call me Azrael , I am a failure just like you.." Azrael smiled while talking .

Baxac was sure , the words that he was saying were true. And he started casting a spell .
"What are you doing ." Azrael asks co fused .

"Sahc puvet, simeat avilon dumet, Azrael will grant you the Eye if the Echoes. This will give you power and a class , it will not change whatever you do . Remember one thing , do not fall for this power .. Azrael was a pleasure to meet you "

***
[Azrael obtained: Eye of Echoes ]

[Unlocked class : Shadow Weaver ]

[Rarity: unknown...]

***

[Challenger:Azrael won the duel ]
[According to the mission Defeat the boss king of all living failure, was accomplished, you are going to get teleported back.. in 2..]

***
"Baxac Noooo" Azrael screams
Azrael while screaming noticed it was already too late he was already teleported back
Where everything started.

Something strange, count the Eye of Azrael The first trial didn't started yet . Somehow he was teleported back in time ..

"Welcome participant, this is the start of the first trial."

The mission showed Azrael the truth
[Kill or be killed]
