Forest of Unknown

When Yumi teleported Azrael with her, she teleported him to somewhere unknown and never seen before.

In that moment ding...

Notification from the system from Azrael..

[Congratulations, you have killed the boss of Nowhere.]

[Reward: New Title]

Azrael is still in shock. He didn't care about anything that the system was saying , Yumi was trying to go near Azrael slowly and slowly, like he could explode and an Angry state and go rampage

"Azrael, I am coming near you I wanna tell you a Story" Yumi , told Azrael With a calm voice

in that moment she knew that Azrael wasn't paying attention, but she wanted to understand how he could do a move from her hometown that only one person ever did it , no one ever recreated that move until now..

she arrived near Azrael in a status of Sadness , Anger , Fear and Loliness.

"Hey... I am here for you do you wanna talk with me, I will hear you." Yumi said kindly to Azrael. but she was pushed with brute force far away from him , but it wasn't him , It was her power from the class.. but she didn't know..

"Where.... d.. I . fi...d Myself" Azrael answers, trying to calm himself from everything that happen , but his emotions start going up and down, he is broken.. he couldn't understand whyy him , why did he need to sacrifice Baxac , "WHYYYYYYY" Azrael screams while was trying to hurt himself Yumi could just watch and pry. But in that moment he realized she wasn't A human, but an elf with cat ears.. 

"You... are an Elf, with cat ears?" confuse response from Azrael.

Yumi realized she was a place near home so that her magic that she casted on herself won't work so much but bearly did it..

"Don't worry about me, I am here for you" Yumi told Azrael while again slowing while approaching him .

Azrael still with no word in fear that he could hurt someone else made him afraid of touching her, " DON'T COME NEAR ME , I MIGHT HURT YOU " Azrael showing still his kind side After for all that it happened made relive Yumi , but still she wasn't gonna take that answer she still trying to go near him..

"Azrael, I know this is difficult for you, but look at me we are somewhere far far away a place that no one could enter, not even you." Yumi trying to shift the mood from Azrael

"that's doesn't make any sense tell me how did I enter than you teleported me in this Forest what's the name ?" Azrael asked "Unknown forest" Yumi responded 

"Nah you joking you don't know the Name , Am I right ? " Azrael smirk trying to smile and laugh but still to far from it.

"yes i give you that I never asked that to mine parents so, well i don't know what to tell you now, wanna go and check for ourself" Yumi told azrael while trying not to laugh her ass Of 

(Indeed she know , The name of the forest she is LYING) Sorry I will not disturb you again HAHA...

So they started walking through the forest to find and arrive to the village where Yumi was raised , But while approaching the entrances of the village 

Azrael was Attacked

"STOPPPPPP!!!!!!" Someone screamed
