Tears Of The Echoes

"Show me your last Stand." Baxac told

Baxac knew that would break Azrael , forward still he needed him to pass through a big pain for the power he is gaining , "Eye of the echoes" Is a katana sword that was passed only to pure hearts, "Pure hearts of a Broken Smile."

Meanwhile Azrael in Transit He couldn't respond in every way. Baxac swinging The tail left and right still waiting , for Azrael to Start going Seriuos .




Azrael woke from the Transit coma he was. standing up with no energy left, only Determination "My attacks have no effect on you, Who decided That!" he started willing is sword, at that moment Baxac Fealt Fear for the first time in a long time, He knew this will be the last fight, so they both started going in full determination Mode , Baxac anlishing is full potential and reviling is last form "Souver Of the Fallen."




"In this moment we are face and face I will honour whatever will win .




Azrael looked on his eyes Changed His determination showed Him a Sword path yet new that no one has ever Seen, Like he was dancing with someone like a women but it was his katana dancing with him one of the most beautiful movements no one ever seen

"He can't still wield a sword, but this it's beautiful" Yumi told 

While ascending Souver of the fallen "Give me the best fight I will ever dream of" baxac said to Azrael, He doesn't answer anger , anger still with him the look in the eye also the determination he is shwoning . "Is so beautiful" Baxac is expectation was so low tho because he knew since the start Azrael didn't know how to use a sword but a fire within him spark even more..

Azrael started slashing against The tail of Baxac, without hesitation baxac respond with is powerful tail attack making Azrael Flying 

"is this all you can do , I am disappointed in you Azrael!!"

stading up Azrael didn't respond to Baxac like he wasn't even there, He started to swing is sword again , but this time while doing it..

"Crimson bloom!" The flower in the arena started performing with Azrael swigging left and right petals started emerging from them following the path of the sword dance..

Azrael cut the tail.. but it wasn't enough it was just a little deep cut the scale made of Baxac so thick he couldn't do it , A punch from Baxac come made it collapse on the ground , the sword disappeared. at that moment Yumi feared that , this is too much For Azrael is metal state is not even there.. he is fighting like , He want's to be the one to Die..

Baxac with is tail took azrael higher and higher to the point he was facing him with is eyes so much blood flowing from his body, Azrael seems like he isn't respoding is whole body is in shock.. "than this is it, I will end your life and stop your suffering, I was wrong this is more pitful to watch than remeber" at that moment Azrael open a Eye.. He cut the tail that was holding him, falling down at the exact time, ready to fight till the end

"Baxac!!!!! What denies is an illusion that I created myself, A curse put upon you by the heartless . you knew from the very beginning . and yet... you covered the truth, made me fear for your life. will you die as you are told?Who will you obey? cursed words spat out by a seething illusion or the truth within your own soul? I challange you to death CRIMSONNN BLOOM!"

Baxac knew this was A Final attack so he did the same put all the power to burst one last flame

"Remember , Kid, bring a smile to my soul and honour me till the end, EMBERFALL!!"

An explosion emerged from this two attack putting who even was near them could get seriously injured , But Baxac knew that already. He put a spell to Yumi to protect her,.. Both body of Azrael and Baxac started flying in opposite direction but , Baxac Head was sliced down strangely. The head was smiling feeling Free..

Azrael got saved with a spell from Nyx who was watching from far to make sure no one would get hurt. Yumi saw that Azrael won but bearly won is body is cover up in cuts injured left and right. But Azrael stopped Yumi from curing him. bearly has energy left and with that energy started stading up and walking slowly to Baxac body, Tears started falling down of Azrael face, Yumi couldn't make himself the force to trying stop him she just watched trying not to cry but tears coverd his whole eyes.

"W...Hyyy.. why .. are you smiling?" Azrael crolled in tears near the body of Baxac..

he was laying there on the ground giving him the fault, he shouldn't go like this. 

the last word that he heard from Baxac where "Thank you, I will remember you Forever Bud" the whole body of Baxac started disappiring becoming ashes .

Nyx jumped out of nowhere to try to comfort Azrael , but Yumi started running to him teleporting him somewhere safe

is worries about seeing someone take Azrael away of such a dangerous place where lifted.
