Mystert of The Savior

An ancestor from a long time ago, there was one of them that was just a human, like he called himself a Living Failure.

But no one trusted him for what he told at that time, they thought, how can a savior be a living failure? So they forgot that everything happened, so when that happened, they decided to put a spell on the forest that no one who is not worthy could enter that place.
Whatever got inside the forest would be stuck there forever, wondering.
Begin a worthy one requires a pure heart or..

"How can he be a pure heart that's doesn't make sense" Luthian screamed
" I thought it had everything under control nothing would have come out , nobody would have found our city how he can't be the next savior, should I kill him." Meanwhile Luthian has reached the place far far away from the city, there lies a statue of the previous savior cover in plants not maintained, Abaddon. 

Underneath lies a hidden place like a hidden hideout that the other elf didn't need to find completely suspicious, the hiddenout looks completely upside down, pages writen left and right.

Research that they wantend to know where the savior come from , forward walking Luthian come across a altar, With a weapon.

Ingraving in the altar this weapon lost all his meaning , only a true pure hearts could restore his meaning.

"I hope , that's not the case" whispering from Luthian

"it will not be the case , old Pal" A stranger come out of nowehre

"Venue how are you doing? Long time no see." Luthian told

"Quit the act I know that you don't like Humans , also you don't like me . " Venue told with a cold look 

"Venue , you know i really like you for everything you have done. But I can't do nothing for your loss. You know there is no turning back from her she is a evil witch that reside inside the forest with him, "

" Than why don't I kill them" Venue told with a angry look at Luthian

"I have a Idea why don't I give him a quest wouldn't be a true test of a pure heart ?" Luthian smirking with a devilish look.

"you are heartless ...." (after 2 hours )




Meanwhile, at the house of Yumi , Azrael started waking up looking out of place feeling like he is in danger screamed baxac the sword come out. 

Azrael looking at the sword feared again himself. He knew that he could hurts someone else.

He crawled himself like a ball in the bed not realising that Yumi was sleeping next to him, and crawled him together with her not waking her up. he started fearing himself that he could hurt such a beautiful woman.




Will I ever be enough and able too not harm someone ...

slam the door open..

"what are you doing to my daughter, Monster!! stay away from her!"

Azrael shocked for what happen .

"You are mistaking Sir , I would never..."

Begin called monster from Luthian made him completely broken from inside

"why did he choose me......."
