

I am sorry for Grammatical error.
Welcome to the first chapter of Veil of the Echoes

Chapter 1

The beginning of the Whispers

A young man , dark circle under his eyes his skin is pale, lying on the street ,people passing by. He was lying Near House , where inside of it there is a complete family. Sometimes he wonders how it would be, to became someone like them A high status Person Like them the a High ranker, All the money he had saved up where gone , because someone had stolen from him the other day.
Feeling hungry, Nothing to drink, he was Helpless. trying to find food that could let him live one more day.
After all , He was sure that his life would come to an end sooner than ever. 
While searching on the garbage bin. He found a bottle of water that was almost empty, he didn’t hesitate one moment to fast fetch the bottle of water. I will drink it later. I want to watch the star one last time this evening.
“Life will change for me, " While is Breath is becoming thinner and thinner. 
10 minutes left until I can see the moon, collapsing on the ground is my body giving up, Slapping his face to not doze off.
“This water sure helped me a lot, but still not worth my body won’t listen to me anymore,” the face teering up from his eyes.
“tsk. It’s still not my time,” shaking his head while lying on the ground, he stood up. watching Richer people living their lives. like he doesn’t even exist, his looking haggard in his cheap clothes and from the lack of sleep , lack of sleep even food also thin and pale, Azrael is indeed out of their league. Watching them with envy, he tossed his water bottle into the garbage bin.
“I guess that’s how it feels to be a high ranker "
The water bottle missed by a large margin the garbage. Exhausted he picked the bottle up and carefully put it in the trash. Then, with a slight grin, he crossed all across the place.
“Are you lost?” Someone asked him also while looking down on him
Azrael looked around with curiosity , nothing reinforced like he used to be, no hidden turret on the wall. No one looks suspicious like he will do something to another person to get the money and food , he was carrying around.
“Hey!!! Are you listening? I am talking to you!”
Azrael watched him and made a fake cough, like clearing his throat. 
“Eh , What?”
while he was trying to scratch the back of his head, and added:
“I will surrender myself, also, I am an Unranker that has the power of becoming A Shadow Weaver.”
The expression of the person changed drastically, from irritated he became wary, He looked again to the young man over once again, this time with piercing intensity. while he shot on the air a spell to let the police know he need some help.
“since When did you get the symptoms!!”
Azrael confused.
“2 Weeks Ago?”
The person became visibly paler also loosing his balance.
“Shit, I hope we are still in Time.”
The police arrived and looked at the higher ranker.
“CODE RED!” The higher ranker told 
Police rushed to the young boy while calling for support. 
They started to rush him, not giving an explanation to the young boy, while he couldn’t even move His body from the lack of food and Water.
One of the officers answered him while panicking.
“You know what you just said, this type of stuff doesn’t need to be taken lightly.”
The one driving started explaining how the world started getting this type of problem..

This world Long time ago, started having strange disappearances , like no one knows where did they went or even disappeared, but slowly more and more started vanishing to a place called the shadow realm..

Azrael stopped the officer.

“I thought it was only A fairy tale since I was a little kid, so it means there is more than 5 worlds beside this that are living in the same reality”

The officer started shouting 
“Young Boy don’t you have any manners!!. let him finish first”

The living started having desseas that had no common sense , also no common sense, they started vomiting , losing green stuff from the eyes they started also vomiting blood and they transformed their self.
In some weird monster… so we arrive the story will be told from someone else, you need to defend yourself become stronger and become, a higher ranker

“So how do you become a higher ranker ?” asked Azrael himself.

The mechanism started to calculate where to teleport Azrael …

    next station shadow world

The officer looked worried
“Becareful kid , you have family to come back to make it happen,beat everyone monster you encounter and don’t…”

    Teleportation finished
    …You arrived to Aethel The Shadow world
    “Welcome”
    Azrael heard from someone
    Without knowing who he is the person started attacking him demanding money food and everything that he had..

" to bad for you I am just like you."

The men threw Azrael flying. He got with the back against the wall, almost felt he broke his back, feeling crazy pain.

“What a welcome , they are so nice in this shadow world ,” leaving a smirk on his face.

Nothing…. lik… h..m. , you couldn’t hear it what he said he was about to fall in a deep sleep .

Before collapsing on the ground,he felt someone carrying him out of the trouble,
And bring him somewhere safe.
