Village of Mytharae

They heard A scream "STOOOOOP" , the guards stopped on their Track even falling from the position they were in while stopping,

"Why are you here?" from a far echoes a voice
"I come here because this is a save place to rest , also someone needed this rest more than me ,so I come here to help him Please"

"They may come inside the place but do not have ill intetion or he will be killed on spot" the echoes said coming out of nowhere ,

"Hello father" yumi said happy to see him.

They got escorted inside the village , but something strange caught the eye of Azrael the village was just a disguise from the outside , but the inside is something far , far beyond his imagination he couldn't understand how it was possible , the village was like a nation a modern nation no one was disguise to go outside to fight everyone lived happy, also no one was worried about anything like a normal home .

"How is this possible?" Azrael asked
"You don't need to know!!" Coldly Yumi's father told
He got escorted inside the local police station to get some answers from him
"How did you enter the forest of unknown?" he couldn't understand the name it was in another language that he couldn't understand He was just for like 2 days inside this new worlds and got kidnapped multiple times without having rest he thought.

(That's happening everything he said inside in his head without even listening what he is saying he didn't dare to say words against the father of yumi)

"I don't know." Azrael answered the question, looking out of place ..

The father looked confused at him leaving him to the room where he was handcuffed, waiting to have a clear answer from him and Yumi .

"Yumi tell me how did he made it inside the forest you already know no one could go inside that forest , without THe blood of an elf, " asked to Yumi.

Yumi answer with honesty to his father

"We got inside a trial to get our class given from the goddess, after that fight, somehow A boss spawned. The boss of all living failure , challenging Azrael to death at that moment I saw Him doing a sword dance that was only performed by him,our you know who"

"You better not lie, that's impossible no one ever mastered or even made it possible to use that sword dance , who is he ? " in shock asked to Yumi .
Yumi couldn't answer, so they both started talking to have a clue how could it be possible, but nothing come up letting azrael wait in that room handcuffed for 3 hours
When they walked inside the door Azrael was sleeping soundly like he got trough a lot of hell , the father did a magic on Azrael to move him to somewhere comfortable
He got teleported to his home , yumi with him.

" I will wait , I need to see if it's true that he did that sword dance, if yes, he will be the next "

Luthian Sunstrider just went outside the police station to go somewhere far away from where he is that doesn't even show in Mytharae city .

"The savior will kill us, ".. written on a letter inside a pocket of Luthian jeans
