The Whispering Woods of woe

Azrael is going forward with his Mission , trying to go Alone in the forest , but was stopped by someone.

"I am coming with you" Yumi screamed while running towards Azrael.

He looks stunned watching someone who wants to help him, even tho he made someone suffer and die from the action of a mission. Looking like he doesn't want someone's help, she also doesn't take no as an Answer, so he agreed. going outside the city of the elf , Azrael still couldn't take that feeling that's a magic that cover an immense City, at that time something passing by but nothing was living or has a corspe passing by , at that moment he felt something touching him but it was a push , he got separated from Yumi with this push alone in the whispering Woods . 

"He... Came the one chosen . He comes to save us " wind whispering through 

"This. is a test for the chosen to survive one night alone in the forest and save the girl from imminent danger." Again, but this time the whispering wind was like it was beside him the last thing it said, "We know what you are" disappearing the whispering forever. Azrael confused trying to reunite with Yumi, "What's your Desire?" The whisper return, stopping Azrael. "I have none," he responded to the whispering woods , "Liar, till you don't have a real Anwsear, try and try to escape to this domain Impone from the other Choosen from century ago"

Laughing from far away , he tried to follow the laugh , following it he found a secret hidenout where he relocate the memory of the mission from venue curse, there if found A witch and also a Human snake that strangly it's more snake than human , azrael trying to sneak near the hidden out a brench of a tree broke under is feet , the witch connecting with a spell almost hitting him and kill him there , Azrael come out "I am not a spy I am lost can you help Me?" said him trying not to look suspicous . But the witch strangely agreed to help him trough it , aside that she looks strangely familiar to Azrael, he didn't dare to ask her a single question. They introduce themself, the witch "my name is Selene Ashwhisper, also him Vorith Malis"

Hearing the name of Selene he remembered the girl , she is the girl that was always with Venue and him outside the orphanage. He staied quiet because something doesn't had up , "why did she leave venue than" he though himself trying to not be more suspicious than before they asked him for his name , but still he didn't want to let speel the real name from him because she could remember that's him his old friend "My name , I don't have one, I am a forgotten memory that try to evade from this place." the witch try not to buy this lie but she goes with it, but Vorith look at her and pick the sword up on his hand 

[3 lives are on the game mission, try not to die]

Azrael sensed the danger and called baxac to help him strike the sword away from Vorith, sensing the danger, the Witch casted a spell "Immobilus", stopping both of them ..

"Well well, well, look what we have here."
