Strange Mission

Luthian seeing both in bed, crawling together like they were hugging each other , freaked Luthian out.

The scream wake Yumi out "why is there all this screaming? Let me sleep." Slowly opening his eyes seeing a shadow at first but then it was clear Azrael was there beside her in bed sharing the same .

"Get out , you perverrtttttt!!!!." While yumi throws out Azrael without having any problems.

Luthian has a smile on his face since long no one had seeing, he looked at them like he was the one there like he was with is wife.
Venue looked at him never seen him smilling without her . He looked confused an it that moment, the only thing he could understand is , he is thinking about her making him sad at the same time for what he lost also .

"You two look amazing together," Venue told with an indifferent look in his face , but something while looking at Azrael gave him goosebumps, like he knew him but he couldn't understand from where .
"You are joking how could I look good with him together " yumi told trying not to blush , but that was all in vain because she was red like a tomato.
"He is a pervert, he squeezed my boobs," Yumi responded blushing more and more .
Luthian looked shocked in anger, "how could you do this to my precious baby"

"You are mistaken it was an accident I fell over while riding the caravan with them without noticing i was saved by her and I got myself squeezed this amazing softness she had ..... oh shit I think I didn't need to say this "azrael started running for his life in yumi room.
Luthin picking his sword from his left side " I will kill you come here "

Running across the room , with the sword trying to slash at Azrael, Venue stopped him.

"Azrael is that youu ??? " Venue Asked with a sin of light in his eyes .

"Yes who are you ?? " Ask confused Azrael "IT's me Venue we played when we where kids you where the only orphan that I played with don't you remeber me we where best friend back then"

"THAT'S you how did you change so much, ? where is she what happen to you tell me more ."

"We will talk later I want to request you a mission, will you accept it ?"

"Of course for one of my best friends that the last thing i need to do!" Azrael is eyes sparked with joy

"Don't worry i will come along to help you with this mission is okay for you ?" Venue to Azrael "YES never doubt myself and never I will."

the mission was explained and so the system appered .

[Find some clue or hideout of the Snake human]

"DON'T worry trust me Venue"
