
*Aethel Trial begins*

  While he was unconscious, he was saved from someone he doesn't know.

"Good morning , Princess are you finally awake? Here the food and Water for you."
The unknown Man told him.

He looks like he is his 70 years old but still somehow, he his young. Something is going on with this, also, he doesn't understand what he will get from him .

" what do you want , money. I don't have any, also thanks for the food I really appreciate it."

The old men smirk trying not to laugh..

"Is this. How nowadays young men talk to old people, did they lose manners, or the family forget how to raise them " almost losing the capability not to hold themselves from laughing.

"Sorry, I lived my life Alone , I never meant to be this rude . Usually other people are rude to me " Azrael sincerely apologized to the old men.

The old men understood, that he was an unfortunate child , that he had no one to rely on. Also left to die in a place like this.

"Kid, don't worry , my name is Artemis, but you can call me Nyx , No one will ever call me Artemis anyway."

Azrael smiled for the first time in a while. He couldn't understand this feeling , this feeling left him tearing up from joy.

"Hey young boy , you know the food is more tasty if you don't cry."

He wiped his tears, and watched over him while patrolling the place.

He asked him
" why did you come to this place ? Most likely did you have a dead wish??."

Azrael couldn't understand and answer. He was also shocked, but what he could say

"I had symptoms of becoming a shadow Weaver "

So Nyx got shocked from his answer and started saying stuff that he couldn't understand, But somehow he stopped .

"What are your Attributes? , can you tell me ??"

Azrael looked more confused than normal and he started not to understand , how he could check how it would be possible to have attributes . But what attributes was he talking about?

"Don't tell me you don't have the system yet?" Nyx responds in schock.

for what he, could remember while he was dreaming He could cut the night sky. And a radiant moon , That could also let you feel and see your beautiful pale skin.

"Could he be connected with my Dream while I was unconscious?"

Nyx couldn't answer, in the moment Azrael told what he dreamt hundred years started to fly by in an instant . It started snowing , Cold shivers ran down Azrael's back as he noticed human bones littering the ground, A moment later the bones were gone, But something strange Happen.

Outside the window of the place Nyx bought him to save him a Strange caravan appeared.

[Welcome, Azrael ! It's time for you to get sorted. And prepare yourself for your first Trial.]

Nyx couldn't stop this Azrael dull barely has force shivering from the cold. The wind was colder and it felt nearly useless against it, agony: pain his feet couldn't bear the freezing ground, he had nothing but his normal clothes . That made no difference 

" what kind of a Situation is this Nyx"

Azrael's looked up to have answer.

Nyx somehow It vanish like it was magic.

While starting to go near the caravan , he saw other people he wasn't the only one there but something fealt stream there eyes where Hollow like had no soul in it, from fear he fell to the ground where it lies human bones.

Fear rises in Azrael , The caravan Started to move slowly forward , while a shadow figure started to come slowly to Azrael

"OHOH, we have a courageous dog here " The hollow figure said 

"You know this place is the worst one to get teleported by, you just want to survive and don't act like a hero!"

has he judged it , things were really bad.

Azrael was more Bewildered and at the same time in Panic , trying not the other one to know.

Everyone was started in the Shadow World of Aethel , Begin as a powerless slave.. shackled and alredy half-dead, would far from being ideal as one could imagine

"Let's see..." Azrael lost in thoughts .

for what he remembered while watching outside from an orphan house people used words like "status" could myself have the same information or window as As soon he focused air started to change also the world around him

"How did I get inside the Caravan?" He asked

he rotated his head and vision to look inside who was with him , At the first look someone caught his Eyes One women , His Hair where pure white, you could see it where long hair, she fealt Real.

Azrael's trying to see if it's real watend to touch and feel if she was real or she was part of his imagination, The caravan stopped rapidaly The would body of Azrael started to move from his own his face landed to something "Soft".

in few second later pain on his face started to happear like he was slapped really hard

"could you at least not have squeez my boobs that hard?" The white hair lady told

"The caravan stopping like in an instant made me fly up to you , I am sincerely sorry," Azrael told to her.

The White Hair lady pissed at him slapped him some more, while the hollow figure of the caravan "Get out of my Caravan NOWWW!"

[First Mission Trail Started]

[kill someone to survive ,you have 24 hours]

[Failure: Death]

"Can I see only I this Stuff?" Azrael was about to speak
