The True story

After Azrael decided to help Venue , he asked something that came to his mind. 

"Why did I get teleported to this world? " Azrael told to Venue , (he got telported for 2 days)

Venue Looked at him with a disturbing look.

almost like he wanted to punch his face till he couldn't breath anymore . Something strange happened Venue started going berserk , he doesn't remember what caused this happening, but Luthian looked scared and also pale . in that moment, Luthian started to act a give him a dose of antidote , to calm Venue down . But something unexpected happened,ed the antidote didn't have effect . He started going in a mad state, which made Luthian shiver with fear in front of his daughter and also Azrael, strangely, the eye of Echeos started showing a panel

[Everyone will die, including me the system]

That shocked Azrael to see that something or A person is in this system that Azrael had

[Curse acceleration madness within the host, please proceed to cure him NOW]

Azrael called his sword "Baxac" because Venue, losing his mind started attacking with a sword he had.

Luthian Said, " You need to put him to sleep or slice the part that he got the curse on"

("How does he have the artifact that was lost a century ago?") Luthian Though 

the root of the curse was his left arm the left arm was halfway through to be full cursed and from there to try to gain the full access on him , Venue resisting the curse putting fear to the look of everybody .

"We were teleported here to Kill them..." venue collapsed on the spot from fatigue of leaving the curse on his body.

"What are they?" We call them supreme beings or even called God, those are the pillars of the 5 nations in this world. You may think there are only 4 worlds that you can teleport in, wrong, the 5 world better called Nation the lay there Them watching over us , the only way to get there is to win

Venue stopped him to tell him forward, "it's only a Fairy tale told long ago from the elf to their children " Venue stood up struggling for his life because of the curse " We have a mission remember" Yumi started casting a whispering spell "Lullaby of the silent Star" This spell was casted on Venue but it only buy few Minutes. "Father tell me more about it. What are those ?" Yumi asked

Luthian incredul for how far she wants to listen to a fairy tale "Long ago there where 7 strong People that live long Ago 2 of them lost in the track of the story Forever No one know what happen to them The other 5 of this People Created this 5 world that Exist but most exatly on 4 of them are know the 5 world Got erased from the memory of the other 4 this caused a memory loss from the other Causing A fight that was ongain for over 600 Years no one knows who won the fight but something change the whole world started putting stuff that doesn't existed in the world there like it was rewritten by someone .

"For putting a stop to the curse of Venue , Guys I am sorry to request you this , Please Kill the witch or persuade her to end the Curse on him. He doesn't need to suffer more and more . For what he has experienced so far . Please help him. " Luthian told To Azrael with a look of hope .

Azrael, looking at his Sparkling eyes of Hope, He doesn't hesitate to say 
"Yes I will Do it." It a promise, I will cut off the Curse on his body , So he started Going To Save an old best friend that he had, he doesn't want him to suffer .
